# Contributors Weekly

*September 12, 2017 at 10 am PDT*

### Attendees
- James Baxley
- Andrew Rhyne
- Ian MacLeod
- Daniel R.
- Peggy Rayzis
- Jayden Seric
- Jon Wong
- Nick Nance
- Hugo Dozois-C (listen)
- Lewis Chung
- Sashko Stubailo
- Thea Lamkin

### Agenda
- Welcome Peggy!
- [Meta] Meeting time / format
- [Apollo Client 2.0 beta](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-client/pull/1941) :tada:
  - release plan
  - upgrade volunteers?
- [Hermes](https://github.com/convoyinc/apollo-cache-hermes/pull/130)
  - nearly ready for testing
  - any volunteers?
- GraphQL Subscriptions
  - 0.11.X support
- Schema Stitching
- Open

### Notes
*Added after meeting*
- Peggy introduction
  - came from MLS (UI team)
  - helped setup GraphQL at MLS
  - working on a new video series [Mission Briefing]
  - three minute vidoes about Apollo / GraphQL
  - helping Martijn on codegen
  - feel free to reach out!
- 2.0 going to beta today
  - will have an upgrade guide and article
  - please try this out!
- Hermes
  - in memory graph instead of normalized store
  - can overfetch local data but is 10 - 100x more performant
  - please try this out!
- Subscriptions
  - Tiagos [notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gw3Vl-QT4Kx1x1uNhAjimlUu26EsLe7PYcTM2hjSQ70/edit?usp=sharing)
  - how do we coordinate releases between multiple projects?
  - setup a contributor meeting specfically for subscriptions
  - get the existing packages to work with 0.11.x
    - ensure support for apollo-link
  - increase publish permissions
    - mdg internally is a blocker
    - Daniel + Hagai have been incredible maintainers
    - Giving publish access to Daniel and Hagai
  - James will setup a meeting specifically for subscriptions
  - next version of transport will move names
  - how do we feel about the state of the docs?
    - a lot of contributors have been updating the docs
    - docs on the dev site are also updated and track the newer version of the lib
    - move the docs to inside the package
- Schema Stitching
  - Article did really well on the blog
  - Lots of people have tried it out and reported errors
  - very near first stable release
    - auth headers to backends?
    - how can the Node interface work (include backend into the id?)
  - a few different community approaches have popped up as well
    - APIs guru
    - Oleg (Sangria)
  - way more info about needs today vs last week
  - close to launch
- Defer
  - Credit Karma has several use cases for defer
  - setup meeting of contributors to figure out a path
  - how do you know when its done?
    - been thinking through a few portions of this
    - may be able to contribute or help implement
- Apollo tools to update docs with schema stitching after launch?
  - would be the nice to have alpha / beta docs of some kind
- GraphQL Summit
  - make sure to plan time around the summit because there will most likley be other events
  - possible GraphQL working group the Friday after summit :tada:
