# Contributors Weekly

*November 28, 2017 at 10 am PDT*


### Attendees
### Agenda
- review [new proposals](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo/blob/master/meetings/contributors-weekly/17-11-14.md) for maintainer roles, contributor weekly, and communication channels
- repo standardization work (James)
- issues / prs requiring discussion
- help wanted

### Notes

* New meeting format
    * Focus on PRs and issues, then design discussions when necessary
    * Alternating time every other week so that more people can make it, and get a sense of the main attendees for each time, so that we can taylor 
* Contributor/maintainer roles
    * How can we give people a path to being a primary maintainer of a library, and get long-term credit for their contributions
    * Concrete proposal:
        * Add a list of maintainers in each repo (maybe maintainer.md)
        * Have a set of maintainers which is up to date with who is actively working on it at the moment - so if someone doesn't have time anymore they can give it to someone else
        * For large libraries make it clear which parts different maintainers are focused on
    * Question: How do we have long-term credit to people who were maintainers at some point?
        * Answer: We don't expire maintainer status
    * What does being a maintainer mean?
        * Someone who can publish a package on their own
    * How do we feel about code reviews/requiring maintainers to sign off on PRs?
        * Nice to have people check off on those PRs
        * People can have that supporting role if they don't want to be a lead maintainer
        * Comment: “react-bootstrap does that and it helped a lot in having all the maintainers know about the code base.”
* Communication channels
    * Renaming contributor-weekly channel to “apollo-maintainers” so it's clear that it's an open space for communication
        * Move DMs into there if possible
    * Setting up groups in Slack so that people can ping maintainers of a specific project
        * So that we can have communication in the general maintainers channel but ping people as necessary
    * Sometimes we'll have focused channels for stuff like iOS
    * Question: Conversation on GitHub vs. Slack?
        * Justin: General issues and using the tools, I prefer Slack. For feature requests, we use issues. If there's code behind it we use GitHub. If it's a conversation, keep it in Slack.
    * Question: How do we know which wheel is the squeakiest to fix?
        * James is building a bot
        * Example of another bot: https://github.com/fastlane/issue-bot
        * We can put design specs on the apollo repo
        * Discussions on GitHub: https://github.com/blog/2471-introducing-team-discussions
    * Inviting people to the maintainer channel
        * Be pretty free with invitations
        * Anyone who's in the channel should feel free to invite more people
