*February 20, 2018 at 10am Pacific Time*

### Attendees

- Evans
- Dirk
- Ben
- James

### Agenda

**React-apollo**

- The flow types in react-apollo are currently broken. How to deal with this?
- When is react-apollo going out of beta? What needs to be merged before doing this?

**apollo-link**

- should changes be in beta/alpha?

**apollo-bot**

- Work has started and will automate the setup for this meetup for the next one
- What would you like included in the bot?

### Notes

**graphql-tools**

- instanceof check in graphql-js is worrisome
- one solution: add symbol on the prototype
- server is not bundling, so always reliant on node module resolution
- owners of graphql-js check in their node_modules, so instanceof might stay
- Experiences: always had to take instanceof out :p

**React-apollo**

- flow types are broken
- james will reach out to community for help
- Dirk: what it the best way to resolve?
- imported from apollo-client are broken
- Dirk: add to apollo-client or react-apollo?
- best to add to flowTyped repository
  - point community to flowtyped repository to contribute there
  - have to import the types?
  - solved with React, since its part of flow
- Note: flow is becoming unmaintainable
- should be able to resurrect a lot of the previous work
- still some changes before out of beta:
  - mutationComponent
  - trying to wrap around the higher order component
		- call the mutate only pass variables
		- reject from mutation function -> never reject in current form
		- internal error caused by propagating through apollo-client
		- issues with rollup build fixed
		- get rest of PRs merged today and tommorrow
- test suite is good for HOC and refactoring should be straight forward
- new context api
  - 3 PRs from Dirk
  - plus a couple others
- working with React
  - sent private release of new async stuff
  - run build with strict mode
  - put together a roadmap of support for async

**apollo-link**

just release without beta!

**apollo-bot**

- apollo-bot stale issues
	- would keep the number low
	- not enough support
	- if is a response from a contributor then keep it open
- continuous deployment
	- used to do travis releases
	- GUI based released
	- make project installable from Github
	- use the next tag
- weekly health report
	- delivered in slack or email
	- number of bugs/enhancement
	- reaching stale window
	- These **issues** have reproductions
	- adequately label things
- good first issue can message a slack channel

**Ben + server/graphql-tools**

- Intro: meteor experience ->
	- dev experience is really important
	- can get started without knowing everything, then when need specifics can learn
	- progressive revelation

- working on apollo-server related stuff
	- people left to write own resolvers/other server concepts
	- integrating with engine
	- see what we can do to improve the dev experience

**[Directives](https://github.com/apollographql/graphql-tools/pull/640)**

- makeExecutableSchema provides meaning to directives
- call method on the handler with the type
	- add fields
	- changes the resolvers
- Dirk one use case: add relay support with a directive?
	- this should be a connection/ edge or node
	- may be a good way to use this
	- there is an @relay
	- requires a string interpolation
- could grab type definitions
	- schema defined as string
	- use the directives to generate type definitions
- apollo-codegen
  - schema type definition is on the roadmap!
	- Dirk is writing the typedefs by hand right now

**Ben: Code transformation tool [recast](https://github.com/benjamn/recast)**

- modify the JS AST with flow support
	- anything didn't touch in ast -> have a diff that a human can review
	- adding typescript support to it
- codemod that you want to run over the codebases that includes flow, ts, and js
- recast the @graphql into query or mutation component!!
	- Dirk: that would be amazing
- use case: codebase that uses one style and want to switch over to another
	- Dirk:	transition to a new api
- If you have any ideas for how this could be used, please reach out

